feat: `github-api-url` (#88)
actions/create-github-app-token: README.md

          MULTILINE_JSON_STRING: ${{ steps.get-installation-repositories.outputs.data }}
```

> ### Run the workflow in a github.com repository against an organization in Github Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run the workflow in a github.com repository against an organization in GitHub Enterprise Server
```

```yaml
on: [push]

> ```

Reviewer: This example does not look complete

Author: hmm how did that happen 🤣 but yeah let's do a follow up issue

**Optional:** If truthy, the token will not be revoked when the current job is complete.

### `github-api-url`

> **Optional:** GitHub API URL. Defaults to `https://api.github.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional:** The URL of the GitHub REST API. Defaults to the URL of the GitHub Rest API where the workflow is run from.
```
